Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : I was told I need m8 screws to mount my tv but I don't know the length
Visitor : Tv I un55f6300af
Agent : The length of the screw is M8 and the Vesa specification is 4000x400.
Visitor : I been been contacting samsung for days about this the parts department gave me the wrong size I am a very dissatisfied customer
Visitor : M8 is the width
Visitor : is it a one inch screw 1.25 length
Agent : Let me check the details and confirm you.

Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : hi
Agent : Hello. 
Visitor : I want to purchase this tv as a gift to my wife
Visitor : currently am in Ghana and she is in the Bronx,NY
Agent : Just to confirm do you want to purchase in Ghana? 
Visitor : no i want to purchase it for her in the states
Agent : Could you please tell me in which country you want to purchase? 
Agent : Just to confirm; are we connected on the chat?
Visitor : United State
Visitor : i am just discussing with my wife to know if she loves the 50 
Visitor : she has been disturbing me with a smart tv
Agent : Okay, I will recommend you with the best 50'' TV. 
Agent : Would you like to purchase a Smart or Non Smart TV? 
Visitor : so is it possible to order it online,and she will receive it there
Visitor : a smart tv, thus why she is disturbing me
Agent : Yes, you can order. 
Agent : I would recommend you to go with UN50H6400 model TV. 
Visitor : how much is that one going for
Agent : You can purchase the TV Online by clicking on Add to Cart on the website. 
Agent : The cost is $1,199.99. 
Agent : If you are looking for more details on the functionality of a product or would like to find answers to some of the questions, visit us at  for an interactive review of some of our Samsung products. 
Agent : Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Visitor : well my budget is 700 to $800
Visitor : is there any smart samsung u can recommend
Agent : Okay, I will suggest you in your price. 
Agent : I am afraid; the minimum price of the Smart TV in 50 is $879.99.
Agent : The model number of the TV is UN50F5500.
Visitor : okay how about 46-50
Agent : You can go with the same model with the model number of UN46F5500.
Agent : The price of the TV is UN46F5500AF
Agent : $749.99. 
Agent : I appreciate the patience you displayed while we worked together on this issue.
Agent : Can I help you with anything else?
Agent : Just to confirm; are we connected on the chat?
Visitor : i am checking
Agent : Thank you for chatting with us. If you have a minute, please click on the blue “X close” button to receive the transcript of your chat and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better.  Follow Samsung Service on ,  and .

Visitor : Hi, thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. How may I help you today? 
Visitor : I'm trying to update my samsung galaxy 10.1 note to update to jelly bean
Visitor : May I know the model number of your device, You can find the model number in: Applications >> settings >> About Device. Generally it starts with SGH, SCH or SPH.
Visitor : I have the kernel version
Visitor : gt-n8013
Visitor : Thank you.
Visitor : I am sorry; I am not trained on the product that you are using. Please stand by while I transfer you to the appropriate agent for further assistance. Please do not disconnect the chat until you reach the agent.
Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : Hi I'm trying to update my samsung galaxy note 10.1 from the kernel version to the jelly bean version
Agent : I would be glad to help you with the Update information.
Agent : What is the current Android Version on the Note.
Visitor : I've already tried to update it tells me it's updated but I have the Android version 4.1 .2 kernel version
Visitor : GT-N8013
Agent : Yes, As of now there is no update release for the Note. Once an update is released, you will receive a notifcation.
Visitor : oh on your website it said there was an update.   
Agent : You could find it in App's>>Settings>>About Device>>Check for updates.
Visitor : ok thanks

Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Agent : We have not heard from you. Do you wish to continue the chat?
Visitor : I am having trouble with sources on my tv
Agent : Could you tell me the exact issue you are facing with the TV?
Visitor : I think the wrong button was pushed on the remote now it shows tv only high lighted
Agent : Are you able to use all sources?
Agent : I mean cable box and DVD player etc...?
Visitor : No cause I cannot get them high lighted
Agent : Thank you for informaton.
Agent : Could you provide me with the model number of the TV?
Agent : You can find model number on the rear panel of the TV.
Visitor : It is the wall I gave to yall the night on something diff
Agent : You can also find model number in the TV menu>>Support>>Contact Samsung.
Visitor : Tell me how
Agent : I understand you, but inorder to provide the information you need to provide model number of the TV, you can get the model number from the TV menu>>Support>>Contact Samsung and also you can get the model number from the TV purchased receipt.
Visitor : Un55es6500
Agent : Thank you.
Agent : What are the devices you have connected to the TV?
Visitor : Cable box. Dvd. Receiver cameras security
Agent : What is the firmware version of the TV?
Agent : To find firmware version please go to TV menu>>support>>contact Samsung>>software.
Visitor : Do you mean soft ware version
Agent : Yes you are correct.
Visitor : Tst10pausc1024.0btg
Agent : Thank you.
Agent : I see that your TV firmware is out of date, your TV needs to update the firmware.
Agent : I will provide you the firmware download link and instructions guide for how to update.
Agent : Is that okay with you?
Visitor : I can push update on my tv
Agent : Did you connect the TV to network?
Visitor : Can I use alternative soft ware update
Visitor : No not that I know of
Visitor : Could that be the problem
Agent : You can update firmware in two ways, one is if your TV is connected to the network you can update directly from your home network, if it doesn't you can update with USB drive.
Visitor : Let s try the first. One first
Agent : Okay I will provide you the link to update the firmware, by updating the firmware we can isolate the issue.
Visitor : Ok
Visitor : Do I need. To go on the tv
Agent : 
Agent : Yes you need to perform the steps on your TV.
Agent : Are you able to access the link above?
Visitor : Tell me how do I just tap it or what
Agent : You need to follow the steps provided in the link on the TV.
Agent : You need to perform the steps provided in the above link on the TV.

Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : Hi Ransley, With led tv un40h6350af how do you navigate the web browser?
Agent : I will be glad to help you with the information about accessing the browser in your TV. 
Agent : You can simply go to the Smart Hub and select the browser in your TV and move the cursor to the search bar or address bar and press the enter button on the TV remote control. 
Agent : So that you will get an Onscreen keyboard to type the letters. 
Visitor : How do you type to the onscreen keyboard? 
Agent : Once you get the Onscreen keyboard on the TV, you can use the arrow buttons on the TV remote control to highlight the letters and press the enter button to select the letter. 
Visitor :  Sounds slow. Can a wireless keyboard be used with this tv.
Agent : I see that the TV do not have the Bluetooth feature to connect the wireless keyboard. 
Agent : However, you can use a HID compatible USB wireless keyboard with your TV. 
Agent : I hope I didn’t lose you.
Visitor : Is there any other 40 led tv that is compatible with your wireless keyboard or is the HID compatible USB wireless keyboard ok? Does Samsung make this keyboard? 
Agent : UN40F6400 is the model which is compatible with Samsung wireless keyboard. 
Agent : VG-KBD2000 is the model compatible with the above model. 
Visitor : How about the processor speed on the 6400 is it fast enough? 
Agent : F6400 has the dual core processor with latest 5 panel Smart Hub, built in WiFi, soundshare, etc. 
Visitor : Does Samsung make a keyboard that will work with the 6350 ? 
Agent : As of now there is no Samsung wireless keyboard available which is compatible with 6350 model. 
Visitor : Well i'm not sure which tv to buy i like the h6350  but a keyboard would be very nice. Any thoughts?    
Agent : You can purchase a HID compatible USB wireless keyboard for 6350 model from any local stores like Best Buy, Walmart, etc. 
Visitor : Do those keyboards work well?
Agent : Yes, you can try using a HID compatible USB wireless keyboard with the TV from any local stores. 
Visitor : Thank you Ransley for all your help. Have a great day.
Agent : If you are looking for more details on the functionality of a product or would like to find answers to some of the questions, visit us at  for an interactive review of some of our Samsung products. 
Agent : Can I help you with anything else?
Visitor : Thats it thanks again.
Agent : Thank you for chatting with us. If you have a minute, please click on the blue “X close” button to receive the transcript of your chat and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better.  Follow Samsung Service on ,  and .

Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : I was just disconnected from another chat where me and the person was trying things to resolve me internet issue
Agent : It could be a technical interruption. 
Visitor : i am connected and we reset my smart hub 
Agent : I will be glad to assist you. 
Agent : Could you please elaborate the issue so that I can assist you better?
Visitor : when trying to connect to web browse or apps I get error code Exe 001
Agent : I understand that you are getting error while trying to access Apps. 
Agent : I will be glad to assist you. 
Agent : Please go to Menu>>Support>>Contact Samsung using the remote control of the TV to get the complete model number.
Visitor : On apps it just keeps trying to connect and never does 
Agent : Okay. Could I know the model number of the unit?
Visitor : Un40eh5300
Agent : Thank you. 
Agent : Please go to Menu>>Network>>Network Status and provide me with the IP, Mac and DNS settings.
Visitor : MAC bc.8c.cd.52.30:89
Visitor : DNS 192.168.1.254
Agent : Please change the DNS to 8.8.4.4.
Visitor : IP 192.168.1.75
Agent : Please change the DNS to 8.8.4.4.
Visitor : How
Agent : Please go to Menu>>Network>>Network Status and change the DNS to 8.8.4.4.
Visitor : ok
Agent : Please go ahead.
Visitor : It's changed 
Agent : Now try to access Apps.
Visitor : APPS still just keeps saying connected and web browser says error EXE_001
Agent : Thank you for information. 
Agent : I request you exit from the Smart Hub and wait for 30 seconds.
Visitor : ok
Agent : Enter in to Smart Hub and press the buttons in the order Fast forward-->2-->8-->9-->Rewind.
Agent : This will open a Service location setup. 
Agent : Select US.
Agent : You will then get a service agreement. 
Agent : Accept it. 
Visitor : ok now it says there are some updates 
Agent : Allow it to complete. 
Visitor : ok 
Agent : Please go ahead. 
Agent : Just to confirm; are we connected on the chat?
Visitor : Yes now I get error 002 please make sure you are connected to the internet
Visitor : Wait I thinkin it's working 
Agent : That's good to know. 
Agent : Please go ahead. 
Visitor : thanks for everything 
Agent : Is it working?
Visitor : yes
Agent : That's great. 
Agent : If you are looking for more details on the functionality of a product or would like to find answers to some of the questions, visit us at  for an interactive review of some of our Samsung products. 
Agent : Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Visitor : No thank you very much 
Agent : It's pleasure assisting you. 
Agent : You can get the chat transcript by just filling the brief survey.
Agent : Please fill the survey to assist you better. 
Agent : Thank you for chatting with us. If you have a minute, please click on the blue “X close” button to receive the transcript of your chat and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better.  Follow Samsung Service on ,  and .

Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : I am just wondering how I might be able to change my TV from Full Screen mode to Wide Screen? I have an LED TV if that is helpful...
Agent : I understand that you want to change your TV from full screen mode to wide screen mode.
Agent : I would be glad to assist you.
Agent : Could you please provide me with the exact model number of the TV to assist you better?
Agent : You can find the model number on the label attached to the back or right of the TV.
Visitor : Okay, allow me one moment to check on that...
Agent : Sure, please go ahead.
Visitor : UN32EH4003F
Visitor : It's 32 inches, I believe
Agent : Thanks for the model number.
Agent : Please press P.Size button on the TV and change the aspect ratio.
Visitor : oh man...do you know what is appropriate to 32 inches, by chance? it seems different when we don't have a DVD in and I just want to ensure some consistency!
Visitor : Nevermind--it looks like 16:9 is a perfect fit
Agent : I understand that you concern, TV is just a display device and it displays the resolutions that sent from input source connected to the TV.
Visitor : Thank you so much! I really appreciate your help!
Agent : If you are looking for more details on the functionality of a product or would like to find answers to some of the questions, visit us at  for an interactive review of some of our Samsung products. 
Agent : You're welcome. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Agent : Just to confirm; are we connected on the chat?
Agent : I hope I didn’t lose you.
Agent : It appears that you have been away from your computer for an extended period of time or that your questions have already been answered. To assist another customer who has been waiting, I need to close our chat conversation. If you have any further questions, please contact us again via Live Chat with the ticket ID <B>LTK112560347711X </B>and we would be glad to assist you.

Visitor : Hi, thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. How may I help you today? 
Visitor : hi
Visitor : how are you?
Visitor : i bought a galaxy note pro
Visitor : after i register
Visitor : Hello, I am doing good and thank you for asking. How may I assist you with the device?
Visitor : i have not reciept my reddem perks email yet
Visitor : I understand that you do not have receipt for E-mail perks yet. Is that correct?
Visitor : iyes
Visitor : yes
Visitor : I will try to assist you with the required information.
Visitor : May I know the model number of your tab? You can find the model number at the rear panel of the tab, which generally starts with SGH, SCH ,SPH, SM or GT. You can also find the model number from screen, tap on Apps>> Settings >> About Device or about tab.
Visitor : ok wait 
Visitor : Sure, I am with you.
Visitor : SM-T520NZWAXAR
Visitor : As the device is Wi-Fi tab, I recommend you to stay connected and do not disconnect the chat while I transfer the chat to our concerned department and they will be glad to assist you further. Please stay Online.
Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : SERAIL RF2F2201RPHR
Agent : I understand that you are facing issue with perks is that correct?
Visitor : YES
Visitor : i have not reciep an email with perks redeem code 
Agent : Have you register the device in the Samsung web site?
Visitor : yes
Agent : Have you sync the same account in the tab?
Visitor : yes
Visitor : i receipt an email said thanks for registering your samsung you're set
Agent : when have you created the Samsung account?
Visitor : yesterday
Agent : After creating the account in Samsung web site you will get a confirmation E-mail to the E-mail ID  do you got that?
Visitor : yes
Agent : Have you confirmed that?
Visitor : yes
Visitor : it took me to my samsung account home page
Agent : Only three more questions.
Visitor : with my name on it and everything
Visitor : but i have no get an email for my samsung redeem perks
Agent : Please provide me that E-mail ID.
Visitor : tennietran@gmail.com
Agent : Please check in spam, junk and promotion folders also.
Visitor : yes just check
Visitor : nothing on it
Visitor : or in it
Agent : Remove the Samsung account from the tablet. Reboot the device, and then re-add the Samsung account. 
Visitor : ok let me try
Visitor : wait please
Agent : I will be with you.
Visitor : ok
Agent : After adding it again, please wait for 20 minutes.
Visitor : ok
Agent : If still you did not get the perks we need to escalate the issue to the Perks department.
Agent : Since it’s a lengthy procedure, I suggest that you try it out and get back to us in case you need further assistance. We will be glad to assist you further. Live Chat is available 24X7. This chat session will be saved in our records for future reference and the ticket number for this chat session is: LTK112560523881X 
Visitor : ok thank you have a nice day
Agent : If you are looking for more details on the functionality of a product or would like to find answers to some of the questions, visit us at  for an interactive review of some of our Samsung products. 
Agent : Can I help you with anything else?
Visitor : no just hope to get my perks
Visitor : soon tha's all
Visitor : thank you
Agent : You should get them with in 20 minutes , if not please get back to us with this chat ID:LTK112560523881X.
Visitor : ok
Visitor : bb now
Agent : Thank you for chatting with us. If you have a minute, please click on the blue “X close” button to receive the transcript of your chat and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better.  Follow Samsung Service on ,  and .

Visitor : Hi, thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. How may I help you today? 
Visitor : Hi I just got a TAB and want to know if there is a way to download apps from my S4 to my TAB.
Visitor : I understand that you would like to download apps from S4 to your new Tablet. Is that correct?
Visitor : yes
Visitor : Thank you for confirming.
Visitor : May I know the model number of the Tablet ?
Visitor : You will find that in Home >> Menu >> Settings >> About phone >> Model number. The Model number generally starts with SGH, SCH or SPH or GT.
Visitor : yes I have it sph-l7
Visitor : Please provide me with the model number of the Tablet as well.
Visitor : looking 
Visitor : Sure, I'll be online.
Visitor : sm-t21s
Visitor : Could you please confirm if you've downloaded the applications on your S4 from play store?
Visitor : yes
Visitor : Thank you for the information.
Visitor : I recommend that you register your new Tablet to the email account to which the S4 was registered and you'll be able to download the applications to your tablet.
Visitor : it is how would I do it
Visitor : I will be right with you.
Visitor : I am sorry; I am not trained on the product that you are using. Please stand by while I transfer you to the appropriate  agent for further assistance. Please do not disconnect the chat until you reach the agent. 
Visitor : ok
Agent : Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you?
Visitor : Hi I just got a TAB and want to know if there is a way to download apps from my S4 to my TAB.
Agent : I understand that you wan to know if it is possible to transfer apps from one device to another.
Agent : Please give the model number of the tab. You will find it on the rear panel of the device, you can also find the model number on the box of the device. The model number starts with Gt or Sm.
Visitor :  sm-t21s
Agent : Just to confirm; is the model number SM-T210?
Visitor : no 
Agent : Please reconfirm the model number of the device from the rear panel.
Visitor : sm t21s
Visitor : that is where I got it
Agent : Please go to Settings>>About device, there you will find the model number.
Visitor : Sir it is the same model number SM-T21S
Agent : It is not a valid model number. However, it is not possible to transfer apps from one device to another.
Visitor : Lol ok thanks